Add expected input and output to integration docs (#369)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: optional-integration-analysis/README.md

**Table of Contents**

- [Analysis overview](#analysis-overview)
- [Expected input](#expected-input)
- [Create metadata file](#create-metadata-file)
- [Configure config file](#configure-config-file)
- [Running the workflow](#running-the-workflow)
- [Expected output](#expected-output)

>   - [What to expect in the output `SingleCellExperiment` object](#what-to-expect-in-the-output-singlecellexperiment-object)

Reviewer: Make sure to re-run doctoc.

If you are using conda, dependencies can be installed as [part of the initial setup](../README.md#snakemakeconda-installation).
Package dependencies for the analysis workflows in this repository are managed using [`renv`](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/index.html), which can be installed independently if desired, but we recommend using Snakemake's conda integration to set up the R environment and all dependencies that the workflow will use.

## Expected input

To run this workflow, you will need to provide:

> 1. Two or more RDS files containing normalized [output `SingleCellExperiment` objects](../README.md#expected-output) from the core dowstream analyses workflow or the processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects downloaded from the ScPCA portal (found in the `_processed.rds` file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Two or more RDS files containing normalized [`SingleCellExperiment` objects](../README.md#expected-output).
These can be objects output from the core dowstream analyses workflow or the processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects downloaded from the ScPCA portal (found in the `_processed.rds` file).
```

You can also modify the config file parameters at the command line, rather than manually as recommended in the configure config file section above.
See our [command line options](../additional-docs/command-line-options.md) documentation for more information.

## Expected output

> For each provided `integration_group`, the workflow will return three files in the `results_dir` specified in the config file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each provided `integration_group`, the workflow will return three files saved in the `results_dir` specified in the config file:
```

> 1. The `_merged_sce.rds` file containing the `SingleCellExperiment` object that results from merging the individual `SingleCellExperiment` objects specified in the project metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `<integration_group>_merged_sce.rds` file containing the `SingleCellExperiment` object that results from merging the individual `SingleCellExperiment` objects specified in the project metadata.
```
We are naming these with the integration group right? We should indicate that.

> 2. The `_integrated_sce.rds` file containing the `SingleCellExperiment` object that has integrated data stored for each `integration_method` as specified in the project metadata.

Reviewer: Do we provide both the output of the merged and the integrated SCE? The integrated SCE contains the raw data but also the corrected embeddings right? If that's the case, we should actually remove saving the merged SCE file as an output and only output the integrated SCE.

2. The `_integration_report.html` file, which is the summary html report with plots containing and comparing the data integration results.

Below is an example of the nested file structure you can expect.

```
example_results
├── <integration_group>_integrated_sce.rds
├── <integration_group>_integration_report.html
└── <integration_group>_merged_sce.rds
```

You can also download a ZIP file with an example of the output from running the data integration workflow, including the summary HTML report and the integrated `SingleCellExperiment` object stored as an RDS file, [here](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/example-data/scpca-downstream-analyses/integration_example_results.zip).

> ### What to expect in the output `SingleCellExperiment` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What to expect in the integrated `SingleCellExperiment` object
```

> In the [`reducedDim`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#dimensionality-reduction-results) of the integrated output `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [`reducedDim`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#dimensionality-reduction-results) of the integrated `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following:
```

> - Integrated results stored in the reduced dimensions and named using the associated type of integration performed.

Reviewer: Do we also provide UMAP? Or just PCA?

Author: We do also provide UMAP! Will add a note here

You can also modify the config file parameters at the command line, rather than manually as recommended in the configure config file section above.
See our [command line options](../additional-docs/command-line-options.md) documentation for more information.

## Expected output

For each provided `integration_group`, the workflow will return two files saved in the `results_dir` specified in the config file:

> 1. The `<integration_group>_integrated_sce.rds` file containing the `SingleCellExperiment` object that has integrated data stored for each `integration_method` as specified in the project metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `<integration_group>_integrated_sce.rds` file containing the `SingleCellExperiment` object containing batch-corrected embeddings for each `integration_method` specified in the project metadata.
```

2. The `<integration_group>_integration_report.html` file, which is the summary html report with plots containing and comparing the data integration results.

Below is an example of the nested file structure you can expect.

```
example_results
├── <integration_group>_integrated_sce.rds
└── <integration_group>_integration_report.html
```

You can also download a ZIP file with an example of the output from running the data integration workflow, including the summary HTML report and the integrated `SingleCellExperiment` object stored as an RDS file, [here](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/example-data/scpca-downstream-analyses/integration_example_results.zip).

### What to expect in the integrated `SingleCellExperiment` object

In the [`reducedDim`](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.13/OSCA.intro/the-singlecellexperiment-class.html#dimensionality-reduction-results) of the integrated `SingleCellExperiment` object, you can find the following:

> - Integrated results stored in the reduced dimensions and named using the associated type of integration performed.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Batch-corrected embeddings stored in the reduced dimensions and named using the associated type of integration performed.
```
The data from integration that we are using is batch-corrected PCA's so we should be explicit when referring to what we mean by "data integration results". Also since the only thing we provide are the PCA/UMAP, I don't think we need a bullet point here.
